qualify sp_renames support in Azure Synapse (#6793)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/system-stored-procedures/sp-rename-transact-sql.md

  Changes the name of a user-created object in the current database. This object can be a table, index, column, alias data type, or [!INCLUDE[msCoName](../../includes/msconame-md.md)] [!INCLUDE[dnprdnshort](../../includes/dnprdnshort-md.md)] common language runtime (CLR) user-defined type.  
  
> [!NOTE]

> > In [!INCLUDE[ssazuresynapse](../../includes/ssazuresynapse_md.md)], sp_rename is in **Preview** for serverless pools and can only be used to rename a COLUMN in a user object in the **dbo** schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In [!INCLUDE[ssazuresynapse](../../includes/ssazuresynapse_md.md)], sp_rename is in **Preview** for dedicated SQL pools and can only be used to rename a COLUMN in a user object in the **dbo** schema.

```

 The following example renames the `c1` column in the `table1` table to `col1`. 

> [!NOTE]

> > This [!INCLUDE[ssazuresynapse](../../includes/ssazuresynapse_md.md)] feature is still in preview for serverless pools and is currently available only for objects in the **dbo** schema. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This [!INCLUDE[ssazuresynapse](../../includes/ssazuresynapse_md.md)] feature is still in preview for dedicated SQL pools and is currently available only for objects in the **dbo** schema. 

```
